the Korean I Bertrand has taken China by
storm
as I'm walking on the streets here I see
that every single girl has the exact
same kpop eyebrows
[Music]
the brows are all very thick and
completely straight you can see posters
print ads and TV and everything all the
celebrities of China are all embracing
this trend but does this eyebrow trend
actually make you look good I'm gonna
get my eyebrows professionally done
today super nervous right now it's gonna
be my first time getting my brows done
whatever let's go let's go let's go
let's get it done good oh yeah Chris
move my boy I'm gonna look like a kpop
star soon
yeah what do you think comment below
okay
what do you love review later let's go
assembly assimilate what do you think by
many eyebrows
well the not as good as mine fighting
their improvement
yeah you think the straight eyebrow is
better than ever dude yeah what do you
think about everyone having the same
eyebrows in China kind of scary but I
guess it's better cool thanks
yo GOG ginger so what do you think of my
eyebrows clean it's much cleaner you
think the eyebrows make a difference
christina is pretty good looking guy I
don't know if it's the eyebrows to
understand this issue we need to first
know why eyebrows are important as a
fashion icon Tom Ford once said eyebrows
this actual facial architecture that
could be changed that means your
eyebrows should fit your face shape
right well not to these girls
so how did this trend start well in 2000
the k-pop stars started changing their
eyebrows from a more curved and
natural-looking shape into a very
straight and thick shape and because
Chinese beauty is heavily influenced by
the celebrities of China which often
tend to copy the k-pop stars that means
this Korean eyeball trend slowly but
surely made its way into China and now
has gotten to the point where every
single girl on the street almost has an
exact same eyebrows some Chinese girls
even go as far as tattooing these
eyebrows onto their face man you know
what maybe it's not so bad after all
or maybe it's just my face shape fits
this eyebrow because I still think I
still believe that everyone should have
a little bit of a different eyebrow that
fits their face shape I don't think the
straight eyebrow fits everyone so here's
my question to you do you think this
Korean eyebrow looks good or do you
think everyone should have a more
natural looking eyebrow and most
importantly which one do you have
comment down below
drop a like and consider subscribing and
joining the notification squad because
next week I'm gonna go get my
professional makeup artist friend to
turn me into a kpop star alright stay
tuned for that thank you for watching
and go get your eyebrows on fleek see
you next week peace
[Music]